ROX-16283: Reorganize Cloud install docs (#59525)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/create-resource-init-bundle.adoc

:kube:
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "init-bundle-cloud-other-apply"]
:kube:
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "init-bundle-cloud-other-apply"]
:cloud:
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply"]
:openshift:
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply"]
:cloud:
endif::[]

:content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="create-resource-init-bundle_{context}"]
= Creating resources by using the init bundle

//Do not show for ACSCS
ifndef::cloud[]

> Before you install secured clusters, you must use the init bundle to create the required resources on the cluster that will allow the services on the secured clusters to communicate with Central.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you install secured clusters, you must use the init bundle to create the required resources on the cluster that allows the services on the secured clusters to communicate with Central.
```

Author: resources is plural so "allow" is needed

endif::[]

//Show for ACSCS
ifdef::cloud[]

> Before you install secured clusters, you must use the init bundle to create the required resources on the cluster that will allow the services on the secured clusters to communicate with {product-title-managed-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you install secured clusters, you must use the init bundle to create the required resources on the cluster that allows the services on the secured clusters to communicate with {product-title-managed-short}.
```

Author: see previous comment

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kubectl create namespace stackrox <1>
$ kubectl create -f <init_bundle>.yaml \ <2>
  -n <stackrox> <3>
----

> <1> Create the project where secured cluster resources will be installed. In this example, `stackrox` is used.

Reviewer 2: Could rephrase this (and the one a few lines down): "This example uses `stackrox`." or similar.
